Old employees resigned and advised new employees not to come

"The following is all my personal experience working in Beijing Hulian Qixin Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Teleperformance)

I have been working overtime almost every day for more than a year. During this year, I caught a cold, had a high fever, had a sore throat and had a nosebleed. I went to work normally and never took a sick day or personal leave. However, the company's actions made me feel disgusted and eye-opening. In order to avoid developed mental issues, I decided to leave here."

"I didn't get overtime pay for overtime work. The company said there was a triple bonus. In order to make money, I worked overtime desperately. One day after I finished all the OT, suddenly, SV Sammy, who sat next to me, said that I didn't turn off the SOFTPHONE(a software that allows us make and receive phone call) after get off work one morning during the bonus period.

I denied it because I didn't want to get a call that will prevent me from getting off work on time, so I always looked at the time and turned off the SOFTPHONE directly after 23:59:59 seconds. SV Sammy said the system had records, but she just asked me to listen to an unresponsive call record as a proof that my SOFTPHONE was not turned off. After a few minutes, she handed me a warning letter and asked me to sign it. The content was roughly that because the SOFTPHONE was not turned off, a call was received, so the bonus during my OT period was invalid.

And told me that this behavior was ZTP(zero torelance policy), and if I didn’t sign, I might be fired by the company. Two days later, SV Sammy told me that because the SOFTPHONE was not turned off, my KPI for this month was also lost.

Later, I told several colleagues about this matter. Unexpectedly, Mr. Jack, who sat opposite me, was also because the SOFTPHONE was not turned off after get off work, which led to a call. Therefore, his bonus during OT was also invalid and his KPI was lost.

We roughly calculated that I lost more than 3,000CNY and he lost more than 2,000CNY. "

"TA of Ctrip.com Ms. Ruby, every time she called, she didn't wait for me to finish taking notes. One time, she even hung up on me before I finished explaining the result of my application to the hotel. I immediately contacted Ctrip and complained about her. Unexpectedly, the next day, SV Andy came to talk to me because of this matter. What was even more unexpected was that, because of this matter, SV Venus came with a warning letter, which roughly said that due to the incorrect use of SOFTPHONE, this month's KPI was reset to zero, and asked me to sign it. I told her that I was learning from SV Andy, and he sat next to me before, and he also did it.

She asked me to go back first, and pretended to call SV Andy over to laugh with her for a few minutes, and then came over to tell me that the KPI didn't need to be reset to zero. "

"In order to prevent me from getting the bonus, the company cut the OT you reported, one evening, I suddenly received a WeChat message from SV Natasha, saying that my previously reported overtime was cut off, and if there was an overtime, I would be given priority.

The company will find excuses and don't want to give me the money for KPI, SV Andy asked me to transfer to COACHING, saying that I had a call about a Hong Kong customer who called me and asked if her reservation for Hotel A could be used to stay at Hotel B. I was very friendly and politely rejected the customer and explained the reason, but the Hong Kong customer did not buy, so I helped her send an email to the hotel to ask, but did not create an SR(service request), because the customer's request was impossible. However, SV Andy said that since I did not create an SR and the Hong Kong customer gave me a bad review after the call, it was an AUTO FAILED CALL and there was no KPI.

SV Miko, who said that I had AGENT ERROR twice. For the first Itinerary, she told me that I had informed the travel agent on the phone that the hotel refused to cancel without penalty, but I my case, it actually wrote APPROVED in the VENDOR NOTE, which led other colleagues to REF my case and cancel it.

For the second Itinerary, I looked at the cases of the order. My case was in the middle, and there were many cases above and below mine. SV Miko did not explain it clearly. He said that because of my case, the company had to refund the money to the travel agency, so it was my fault. It was considered two AGENT ERRORs. Therefore, I had no KPI last month and this month. "

"SV Venus, she asked me if I would go to UPSKILL for Expedia flight tickets. She had asked me before. The second time, she sat down and talked to me. She said she would give me an hour to think about it. I agreed to go in half an hour. But from that day until the day before the official training on the 24th, she did not tell me any information about the UPSKILL.

That night, SV Andy sent out OT, and I grabbed it. After a while, he came over and asked me why I was still grabbing OT if I was to have training tomorrow. When I came back from LUNCH, SV Andy told me that I didn't need to go to UPSKILL tomorrow, and my OT for the next day was also cut because that time was no longer needed."

"SV Miko, she always came over to interrupt me when I was on a call and asked me if I wanted to OT. There was only this segment left, did you want it? I have already complained to SV Laura about this before.

On the evening of November 27, SV Miko sent OT to TEAMS, and I was the first to grab the 11:00-14:00 shift. She replied OKAY. It was almost time to get off work in the early morning, and the OT had not been registered in my shift schedule. I asked in the group, and then she privately chatted with me, saying that she forgot to register my OT and there was no OT now. If there was OT tomorrow, I would be given priority.

There were lots of call coming that night, and I was still on the call. I got angry and scolded her, then, she replied to ask me if I wanted the OT from 11:00 to 13:30. I refused and told her to cancel the OT from 18:30 to 21:00 that my colleague given to me, because I have had enough of these injustices and targeting, and I think it’s time to leave. 」

「 I still remember that Ms. Mary, who had trained with us, sent a long text in the company WeChat group, which roughly meant that the company didn't want her, her access card was invalid, and she couldn't even enter the company. At that time, we all chose to ignore it, remained silent, and became employees of the company with hope. Later, I saw and heard more unfairness and could only remain silent.

Working here, there is no joy, no friendship, it's all capital power, all abuse of rights.

To colleagues who joined and left together: Bob, Chris, Andy, Harry, your decision is correct! "

"End"

Author: Zhang Jingye